Update 0164.md (#1614)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0164.md

  be if the RPC was not long-running).
- Both the `response_type` and `metadata_type` fields **must** be specified.

### Expunge

Resources that support soft delete **may** provide an `Expunge` custom method to allow users to trigger immediate permanent deletion of a ready or soft-deleted resource. This method can operate on resources that are currently in a ready or soft-deleted state (e.g., `delete_time` is set).

```proto
// Permanently deletes a soft-deleted Book.
rpc ExpungeBook(ExpungeBookRequest) returns (google.protobuf.Empty) {
  option (google.api.http) = {
    post: "/v1/{name=publishers/*/books/*}:expunge"
    body: "*"
  };
  option (google.api.method_signature) = "name";
}
```

- The URI must use a custom method with the :expunge suffix.
- The HTTP verb must be POST and the body clause must be "*".

> - The response message must be google.protobuf.Empty or a Long-Running Operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The response message must be `google.protobuf.Empty` or a `google.longrunning.Operation`.
```

Author: Done.

### Expunge request message

Expunge methods implement a common request message pattern:

```proto
message ExpungeBookRequest {
  // The name of the soft-deleted book to expunge.
  // Format: publishers/{publisher}/books/{book}
  string name = 1 [
    (google.api.field_behavior) = REQUIRED,
    (google.api.resource_reference).type = "library.googleapis.com/Book"
  ];
}
```

> - The request message must include the resource name to be expunged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The request message **must** refer to the resource to be expunged by name.
```

Author: Done.

> - No other fields are typically necessary.

Reviewer: This should be a piece of guide:
```suggestion
- There **should not** be any other request fields.
```

### Long-running expunge

> If the expunge process takes significant time, the method may be a Long-Running Operation (AIP-151) instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the expunge process takes significant time, the method **may** be a `google.longrunning.Operation` (AIP-151) instead:
```

Author: Done.
